README.md, before:

# bayeux
Bayeux Client Protocol implemented in Golang (as specified by Salesforce Realtime API)

# Usage
See `examples/main.go`
```golang
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	bay "github.com/zph/bayeux"
)

func Example() {
	b := bay.Bayeux{}
	creds := bay.GetSalesforceCredentials()
	c := b.TopicToChannel(creds, "topicName")
	for {
		select {
		case e := <-c:
			fmt.Printf("TriggerEvent Received: %+v", e)
		}
	}
}

func main() {
	Example()
}
```

See annotations in code for cases where the Salesforce implementation of Bayeux seems to differ from official spec.

Salesforce documentation on Realtime API: https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/sfdc/pdf/api_streaming.pdf

# Stability

This code or variant thereof has been steadily running in production since Nov 2016.

The API is very new. So only a few functions are exposed publicly and these can be expected to remain stable until 12/2018, pending massive changes to Salesforce API. Reasonable attempts will be made to maintain API past that deadline.

Commit message:

Initial changes to fork; bug fixes, logging change

README.md, after:

# bayeux
Bayeux Client Protocol implemented in Golang (as specified by Salesforce Realtime API)

Forked from the seemingly unmaintained github.com/zph/bayeux.

## Changes from github.com/zph/bayeux

 - Switched from standard logger to logrus
 - Added quit channel to Topic subscription
 - Fixed bug where channels were leaked as topics were re-subscribed to
 

# Usage
See `examples/main.go`
```golang
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	bay "github.com/deusnefum/bayeux"
)

func Example() {
	b := bay.Bayeux{}
	creds := bay.GetSalesforceCredentials()
	c := b.TopicToChannel(creds, "topicName")
	for {
		select {
		case e := <-c:
			fmt.Printf("TriggerEvent Received: %+v", e)
		}
	}
}

func main() {
	Example()
}
```

See annotations in code for cases where the Salesforce implementation of Bayeux seems to differ from official spec.

Salesforce documentation on Realtime API: https://resources.docs.salesforce.com/sfdc/pdf/api_streaming.pdf

# Stability

This code or variant thereof has been steadily running in production since Nov 2016.

The API is very new. So only a few functions are exposed publicly and these can be expected to remain stable until 12/2018, pending massive changes to Salesforce API. Reasonable attempts will be made to maintain API past that deadline.
